
Unknown speaker 00:27 
Sitting in front of us, what do you see?

Unknown speaker 00:41 
Certainly, you are right.

Unknown speaker 00:50 
I have to confess, looking at you, what else can be found?

Unknown speaker 01:12 
You are all a joke unto yourself. Gautam Buddha said as his last statement, "Be a light unto yourself." The day I leave the body, please remind me so that I can make my last statement, "Be a joke unto yourself."

Unknown speaker 01:46 
That is far more joyful than being a light unto yourself. What are you going to do with a light?

Unknown speaker 02:02 
Lighting your cigars or burning people's houses.

Unknown speaker 02:15 
But being a joke unto yourself, you will be a bliss for everyone.

Unknown speaker 02:32 
You are right.

Unknown speaker 02:40 
The day I leave the body...

Unknown speaker 03:17 
This is the way I have found, looking at you. So be aware, when I look at you, I am searching for a joke. A big old Indian was sitting in a bar out west when a dirty hippie came in and he started to drink a lot and insult all the other people there. Soon everyone had left the bar in disgust except for the old Indian who just watched the hippie with interest.

Unknown speaker 03:44 
So the hippie walked over to him and said, "Hey Indian, what the hell are you staring at?"

Unknown speaker 04:15 
Well," said the Indian, "many years ago I was arrested for making love to a buffalo, and I just had a feeling that maybe you are my son."

Unknown speaker 05:08 
I see your troubles, and really, I take them seriously. Deep inside I'm giggling, but not to offend you.

Unknown speaker 05:37 
So I talk about your problems, which are sheer nonsense, but don't tell it to anybody.

Unknown speaker 05:51 
Once there was a man who had everything a man could desire:

Unknown speaker 06:04 
a wonderful job that he liked, a wonderful wife, and wonderful children.

Unknown speaker 06:18 
But then one day he began to see spots in front of his eyes. At first he tried to ignore them, but they began to get worse. So finally he paid a visit to the doctor. The doctor examined him but could find nothing wrong with him, so he sent him to a specialist, a neurosurgeon, who examined him thoroughly with many tests. He also could find nothing,

Unknown speaker 06:50 
but he said to the man, "Although I can find nothing specific, I have seen cases like this before. Often it is some pressure on the brain, usually resulting in death in six months to a year."

Unknown speaker 07:12 
The man became very upset, but then he decided that if indeed he only had such a short time to live, he would enjoy life and do everything he ever wanted.

Unknown speaker 07:40 
The man loved nice clothes, so he went to the best tailor in town and said, "Give me the best clothes you have in your store."

Unknown speaker 07:53 
English imported suits, Italian leather shoes, hand-stitched silk ties, and one dozen of the best tailored silk shirts.

Unknown speaker 08:12 
Size fourteen neck. The tailor, who had taken all his measurements, said to him, "Fourteen neck? You don't have a fourteen neck, you have a fifteen neck." "Don't tell me what I have," said the man. "I have been wearing a size fourteen neck all my adult life."

Unknown speaker 08:41 
Well, if that is so," said the tailor, "then you must be seeing spots in front of your eyes."

Unknown speaker 09:06 
I enjoy so many jokes all around.

Unknown speaker 09:20 
Perhaps this is the first gathering in the world where jokes are being used for your spiritual growth.

Unknown speaker 09:44 
And you cannot be otherwise unless you become enlightened. Only enlightened people don't have

Unknown speaker 10:02 
anything in life which you can make a joke of.

Unknown speaker 10:16 
But in ignorance and unconsciousness, whatever you do—your fights, your love affairs, your marriages, your divorces—

Unknown speaker 10:50 
your whole behavior, if you start watching it, you will find yourself...

Unknown speaker 11:01 
Then, my God, my whole life is full of jokes!

Unknown speaker 11:12 
And it will be a great revelation, far greater than the revelation of God, because that too is only a joke and nothing else. Okay, my man.
